Add more doc about the collaborative mode (#254)
opencloud-eu/docs: docs/admin/configuration/storage/posixfs.md

:::

## Configuration

The PosixFS storage driver is part of the default OpenCloud bundle.

Involved configuration settings (environment variables) to enable PosixFS are:

> - `STORAGE_USERS_DRIVER` defaults to `posix` from version `2.0.0` before it needs to be explicitly set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `STORAGE_USERS_DRIVER` defaults to `posix` from version `2.0.0`, in older versions it needs to be explicitly set
```

Maybe this is clearer?
